README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

## ⚡ I am the one to be the king of Internet


- 🌱 Full-Time Learner
- 👯 Interests: Programming, Video Editing & Robotics
- 🔭 I am a bug hunter
- 📫 https://www.prabeshsapkota.com.np/
- 😄 All Izz Well
  
### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="Prabesh" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="Prabesh | Facebook" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.4.0/icons/facebook.svg" />][facebook]
[<img align="left" alt="Prabesh | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="Prabesh | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

<br />

---

_NOTE: Top languages does not indicate my skill level or something like that, it's a github metric of which languages i have the most code on github_

<a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Prabesh01&theme=dark&show_icons=true">
<img align="center" alt="Prabesh01's Github Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Prabesh01&theme=dark&show_icons=true" /></a>
  <br />
  <br />
<a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Prabesh01&layout=compact&theme=dark">
  <img align="center" alt="top-langs" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Prabesh01&layout=compact&theme=dark" />
</a>

---

<!--
[<img alt="Become a Patron" width=200 src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png">](https://www.patreon.com/prabesh) &nbsp; [<img alt="Buy me a Coffee" width=200 src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-yellow.png">](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/prabeshsapkota) &nbsp; [<img alt="Donate with LiberaPay" width=200 height=46 src="https://www.upload.ee/image/12358022/LiberaPay.png">](https://liberapay.com/Prabesh/)

---
-->


<p align=center>                           
  <img align=center  src="https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=Prabesh01.Prabesh01" alt="Visitors">                     
</p>




[website]: http://prabeshsapkota.info.np/
[facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/ping.prabesh
[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/pingprabesh
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/pingprabesh

Commit message:

Update README.md: for dev community application.
to be reverted back

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋
I am a cyber security enthusiast from Parbat, Nepal. Currently studying Bachelors in Information Technology, I love admistrating linux systems and automating stuffs with bash and python.

I usually work solo. So I wish to join developers' community because I want to learn to build projects in systematic approach in a team. I always have so many ideas to build, and through this community i can get a chance to build them with my college mates. 

- 🌱 Full-Time Learner
- 👯 Interests: Programming, Video Editing & Robotics
- 🔭 I am a bug hunter.
- 😄 Skills: Web/APP Penetration Testing, Linux Administration, Python, Django, PHP
- 📫 https://www.prabeshsapkota.com.np/
  
### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" alt="Prabesh" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="Prabesh | Facebook" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.4.0/icons/facebook.svg" />][facebook]
[<img align="left" alt="Prabesh | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="Prabesh | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

<br />

---

_NOTE: Top languages does not indicate my skill level or something like that, it's a github metric of which languages i have the most code on github_

<a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Prabesh01&theme=dark&show_icons=true">
<img align="center" alt="Prabesh01's Github Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Prabesh01&theme=dark&show_icons=true" /></a>
  <br />
  <br />
<a href="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Prabesh01&layout=compact&theme=dark">
  <img align="center" alt="top-langs" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Prabesh01&layout=compact&theme=dark" />
</a>

---

<!--
[<img alt="Become a Patron" width=200 src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png">](https://www.patreon.com/prabesh) &nbsp; [<img alt="Buy me a Coffee" width=200 src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-yellow.png">](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/prabeshsapkota) &nbsp; [<img alt="Donate with LiberaPay" width=200 height=46 src="https://www.upload.ee/image/12358022/LiberaPay.png">](https://liberapay.com/Prabesh/)

---
-->


<p align=center>                           
  <img align=center  src="https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=Prabesh01.Prabesh01" alt="Visitors">                     
</p>




[website]: http://prabeshsapkota.info.np/
[facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/ping.prabesh
[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/pingprabesh
[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/pingprabesh
